So come dear friends followers
my video viewers would fight you
tell how to cook popcorn in
aluminum cans for this us
you need an aluminum can itself
such a knife so
first we need to cut howl
aluminum cans here is this window
we do with a stationery knife
it's very simple how to do it and on
nature for example when there is no microwave
either a skillet do this door we
open up so when
dutifully exploded when the seeds
exploded corn popcorn flew out
today is the perfect way
under this camphor point
now we need to take the grains themselves
here my grains are already mixed with
oil so I will not add oil
if you have not mixed it need a little
add so we sleep it all in
We light a jar of fire and set
jar for comfort after about 5 minutes
the jar is warm enough and we
little by little the seeds will shoot
hour corn navels can also
put a plate that hall and
slowly worn but don't look at either
what is best prepared
pockets st microwaves either on
pan
it turned out
It turned out like this for popcorn
Of course, there is a burning one .
fried not disclosed
so I do not recommend doing this in
home conditions
still better to take advantage
microwave but in conditions like
nature can take advantage of it
by method
Thanks for attention